feat: Use Vite in the template (#124)
Jahia/javascript-modules: javascript-create-module/template/README.md

You can find the documentation on how to use this module on the [Jahia Academy](https://academy.jahia.com/get-started/developers/templating) templating tutorial.

## Prerequisites

Yarn is required to build the project.

Please follow the instructions at [Node.js Downloads](https://nodejs.org/en/download) to install Node.js and Yarn. In the dropdown menus, make sure to select Yarn (the _with_) and your operating system (the _for_).

> Note: If you are using a Windows machine, you also need to install PowerShell to run the scripts in `package.json` (which use `mkdir`, `rm`, etc.). You can download it from [PowerShell GitHub](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: If you are using a Windows machine, you need to run your `yarn` commands in PowerShell (not cmd.exe!). It comes preinstalled on modern Windows versions. In case this is not the case on your machine, [please see Microsoft documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/install/installing-powershell-on-windows?view=powershell-7.5).
```

Author: oops, windows newbie error :)
